Hello friends, my name is Sachin and
today I am bringing you a new video. So
friends, today we are going to talk
about Lootpat's Complete Health Insurance 2.0 version. So friends, I have
already told you in my last video that the
Loot Board has upgraded its health
insurance,
so we are going to talk about that today.
So till now you must have
seen my last video, in that
we have reviewed two more lines of the 2.0 version of Complete Health Insurance,
namely Help Peel and Health Should
Place. I have made videos for both of these,
I will give you the link in the description
so that if you have not seen those videos of mine, then
you can go and see
that both those lines are also quite good.
So today friends, we are going to talk
about Help Line and after that we will
discuss Edit Plus
in our next video. So friends, today there is
Exit Plan, it is a plan which has
coverage of OPD and Maternity.
It is inbuilt and is inside the L3 plane, rest till now
we have 2 p.m.  First we will discuss that there is no
coverage of OPD and maternity in those plans.
If anyone feels that he
wants to take coverage of OPD and maternity then he can look at this plan.
Friends, this is a very good plan and is
absolutely innovative in the market. So let us
start its review. So friends, first of all let
me tell you that this
plan starts from Rs 5 lakh
and its range goes up to Rs 5000000 in which
you can pay Rs 5 lakh, 7 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25
paise and it goes up to Rs 5000000.
You can choose any plan according to your suitability.
If we
talk about Priyan Post Pollution Express here,
friends, here you get 30 days free
hospitalization and CDS post but there are
expenses, that is,
before you are admitted in the hospital, whatever
fees you have paid, got a checkup done by the doctor
or got your own tests done, got
any ultrasound done for the first 30
days.  Expenses and similarly, when you are discharged from the hospital and come
back home,
you can camp within the expenses of seven days. So, if we
talk about the showroom rent limit, then here you get up to a single private air-
conditioned room. There is
no typing on the room amount. It may cost
Rs. 10,000 in some hospitals, it
may cost Rs. 15,000 in some hospitals. There is
no degree of pricing here, but you can take that
single private air-conditioned room
in any hospital. Look,
talking about treatment, friends,
earlier it was not the case that all the day
care procedures were available in ICC, but when this plan has been
upgraded, now all the
day care parts will be available here.
Whatever the doctor says will be covered under day care, that means, for example,
suppose you are admitted in the hospital in the morning and
you were discharged from the hospital in the evening. There is a
part of the body inside the muscles and you were
given anesthesia and you underwent surgery.  So
all these treatments which are done
within a day are covered in day care.
Talking about no claim bonus,
friends, here
you will keep getting a no claim bonus of 10 percent every year.
Suppose you have taken a policy of ₹10
and you have not made any claim, then
next year that policy will have a no claim bonus of one lakh rupees.
Your total insurance of the policy will become 11 lakh
rupees. So, by increasing 10 percent every year in an easy way, it will go up
to a maximum of 50%.
Talking about reset benefit, friends, that
is also available here and this is the unlimited
time playlist benefit, friends, that
benefit is that suppose you have
taken a policy of 10 lakh rupees and in the same year your
₹1000000 is exhausted, then the
company gives you a reset again. Earlier, it used to happen
in blenders also that you
get another one at home, but in this plan,
friends, you have been given unlimited time
10 lakhs.  Lakh again 10 lakh for the third and fourth
time, whenever you need money,
you will get ₹ 1000000 again
but there is a condition in this that if the
same portion is not
available here, suppose someone has a hand problem
and a bill of 10 lakh rupees comes
against the first one, if he is admitted again due to AIDS problem then
we will not get 10 lakh again
but if he is admitted due to kidney
problem or any other problem then
he will
get ₹ 1000000 again or
if you have taken the rotor option within your family,
if someone in the family falls ill and
a choice of ₹ 1000000 has been done then the
second portion will also get ₹ 1000000,
similarly the third and the
fourth one too, so friends, there
is unlimited times of AYUSH treatment, if we
talk here friends, then if you get
any Ayurvedic, Siddha, Unani or any other treatment during the treatment  If
homeopathic medicines are also taken then that will
also be covered here because
whatever happens with Muslims, wherever you go
to the hospital you are given allopathic medicines
but if you have gone to a hospital
which is approved by the government and this
type of treatment is being given there then
friends you will get cover for that too here. Let's move ahead
friends let's talk about
balance cover so friends this is a very
good inside benefit that here one percent of sum
you should
get ambulance cover, if you compare it with other policies then
there you get ambulance cover up to ₹1000
₹2000 ₹3000 maximum at one time
but here there
is one percent top sum insured, suppose
you have taken insurance of ₹5000 here then
one percent means
₹5000 i.e. you will keep getting additional introduction of ₹5000 of ambulance every
week but maximum ₹
1000  20 is the penetration performance, that is, suppose
you have taken a plan of 15 lakhs, then
1% is Rs.15000, but
how much KM can you take, your maximum is Rs.10000.
Talking about the entry limit,
friends,
a healthy person from 18 years of age to anything else can take this policy,
okay, there is
no entry limit here, if you are 65
years of age or 70 years of age and you are fine,
fit and fine, or you have some minor
problem on which the companies can get you
checked by doing a medical test, then
you can take this policy now,
talking about Neuron, that is, if you have
already taken a policy like Malviya ji and you want
a new child is born in your family, then
after 90 you
can add him in this policy,
okay, friend, the
maximum here for different styles is 21 years, that is, if you have
children and want to cover them
under a motor policy, then
You can cover children up to 21 years of age under this policy.
Friends, there is a
good option of claim service guarantee here, which
I have not seen in any other policy.
Ironic has written in its brochure about the service
guarantee of K that we will settle your claim
cashlessly within a maximum of four hours and by taking reimbursement within 14 days.
If we do not do so, then we will charge you a
penalty.
Talking about policy discount, friends, if you
take a two-year plan here, you will
get a ten percent discount on the second year's
premium. You will get a ten percent discount on the second year's premium.
If you
take a three-year plan in the same way,
you will get a 50%
discount on the third year's premium. Talking about health checkup coupons,
friends, there are some
precise health checkups every year, which you will get
here. There are about 60 to seven,
eight, ten tests in which you will get
coupons. You will get the coupons which come with your policy
and you can avail
their benefits every year.  You can get
maximum two benefits under one policy, that is,
if you have an industrial policy then you will
get one coupon, if you have a floater policy in
which there are two digits, two children or three children, then
you will get two coupons there, this is a
facility only for adults
and the best thing here is that you can
also get it done by going to their network diagnostic center,
if you do not
want to do it there then there is home service
bhaiya bal here, so from any good life, whatever
you have, their
representative will come and they will do the test at your home itself,
talking about balance program,
friends, there is a value
program here, like suppose you do some
swimming or you have joined a gym
or you go to some yoga center,
you can show some receipts here
or you have participated in any marathon, then
you have a certificate from there, then by
showing them here you
get some points accordingly, suppose
if you participated in a marathon then you will
get 2000 points, if you have participated in any swimming event, you do
swimming somewhere, then
show your details of that  You will get 3000 points. In
this way, you
get different points for different activities and the
value of those points is around 25 paise
and you can also convert it into OPD within this. The
benefit of an OPD is present in this plan, the same is
separate in future. This is a separate option.
Suppose you have 3000 points or
2000 points, then you
can redeem them and avail the OPD benefit.
If we talk friends,
here the donor expense, which was
not available in such a pose earlier, is
available here and its maximum limit is
₹10, that is, donor expenses friends,
suppose any of your organs gets
damaged and you take this special donation
from your family members, if they are fine then if
they are not there then their X pencil is also there
because they will also be treated here,
they will also have surgery, so they will also have
good treatment, if they have constipation or dysentery, then
you will get complete coverage for that here.  You will get it and its
maximum liability will be
₹1000000, which means their expenses will be the
maximum, the company will give tea only on 10 lakhs,
why don't you have 2017 lines, if
we talk about Do Mission Hospital, friends, then
here you are covered for 10 minutes and
donation is also included, friends, what happens is that
this is in the condition when the patient's condition has become
very bad, he is
not able to go to the hospital, there is no situation of getting admitted in the hospital, he
can reach there or
you are not getting a room anywhere in all the hospitals near you, then there are
service providers like home hospitalization,
we call it Do Mission
Hospitalization and this reaction should be for one
lakh three days, only then
you get this cover, so
you can also take this cover under this policy, if we
talk about ambulance cover, friends, here
Vivo now you get it for sure, there is
no limit here that the ambulance will be available for 1 lakh
two atibala, whatever amount
You will get ambulance service till your time is up,
friends, and this is over and above.
Suppose if you claim for ambulance service, then
this money will
not be deducted from it, except for the shamelessness. The cover for an air
ambulance will be a sacred cover,
which is inbuilt in this policy,
and that money will be deducted from it only. Okay, let's
talk further, friends, about this true
protector. This means
additions are always mentioned in the Disco No Claim Bonus,
friends, that too is like this,
if you have a claim of, say, 20,000,
20,000, 40,000, it also comes up to 50 thousand rupees, it does
not go above 50 thousand. So
friends, here you will get the no
claim bonus that you were supposed to get.
Your no claim bonus will not be reduced.
This is already an inbuilt feature in this policy.
Friends, one of the best things that I found is
tele-consultation with a doctor. In this, you
have 24*7 access to
doctors on all the channels of ICC Lombard.  You can talk to them, make a
video call, or chat, and
explain your problem to them. You
know, you want some medical service late at night, at 2 o'clock or 3 o'clock, because
you ca
n't go out, or nowadays
you can't go out even during Corona time, so
you want to
contact the doctor over the phone and
get a consultation from him, so you can do it here, friends.
You will have to download an application here, the Hi-
Tech Care app, and
when you download it, the
Doctor End option will appear, and
you will call the doctor there, and
you can talk to the doctor 24*7, any time throughout the day.
This service is
absolutely free, friends. Talking about dietitian and
Vrishni consultation, friends,
nowadays there are many people who are very conscious about their diet
or their nutrition.
They want that
I have to take so much protein, I have to take so much
carbohydrate, so if you
want any such service and
want a consultation
from any dietitian, then you can also get it here.
For them, this service
is also available for free. Talking about ambulance assistance,
friends, till now what you had to do was
that you had to directly call a hospital or
an ambulance service to
call an ambulance, but here
we have given you such a feature, we have given
you a toll-free number or we have also
invested an option inside our app
that if you
want to take an ambulance assistant, then you can take it from Salumbar
and the doctor there will talk to you
and if he feels that yes, you
need a back-up ambulance, then he will
send the ambulance to your home and friends, if
that facility is available in your city, then
you will get it on cashless basis also. Till now, it used to be
that you had to pay money, but
here you will get that ambulance service
cashless, so talk about this settings open,
friends, this setting is open here, you have to
click there, suppose any
administration faces any problem in this regard, the
company has given a class that this is our
list of critical illnesses, if any of them is like that  A
critical illness occurs and
you want to get it treated from an Aloo Band or a
doctor about
what we should do in this plan, so here
you can also get consultation from a doctor here even if you are pregnant,
friends, here
I had told you about two plan features in the beginning that
OPD coverage and maternity cover
are the biggest USPs of Assurance which make this plan the
most special, so friends let us
discuss about it, so friends, there is a
maternity cover benefit, friends, you will be able to avail it
after 3 years, in this policy it
is very important for the husband and wife to remain in the same position continuously for 3 years, only
after that you will be able to avail this benefit for
maternity, so friends, if you have a
plan of suppose 5 lakhs, then here for
normal delivery you will get rs. 15000,
for udder delivery you can avail up to ₹5000, if we
talk about prenatal then here  You will get ₹2000 for this
post natal, friends, those are the
expenses which are incurred before delivery
and after delivery,
like you got an
ultrasound done, sonography done or
you have consulted a doctor
or the doctor had subscribed some medicines to you, then those
come under the category of post natal, so
you can get ₹2000 directly, ₹2000 for free, you
can get this post ₹2000, you
can also get ₹4000, friends, if we talk about new born baby cover, then it is
Rs.10000,
whenever a child is born in the hospital, then
his bill is made separate with the help of
their specific separate pat
file is made, so whatever
cover there will be for new born baby, that too up to Rs.10000 will be
covered here, in which the vaccination of the child is done,
okay  Or if the baby is there and is
kept in a nursery or in a primary air, then there are some charges for that too,
so
you can avail that expense up to Rs.10000 here. Similarly,
if you have a Saathiya plan of Rs.10, then
you will get Rs.25000 for normal delivery and Rs.50,000 for C-section, Rs.2000 for prevent post natal and
Rs.10000 for newborn baby. Similarly,
if you have an airplane plan of Rs.1500000 or above, then
you will get Rs.10000 per thousand for normal delivery and Rs.50,000 for C-section. Prepositional here is also the same
Rs.2000 for new born baby or
baby, it will be Rs.10000 here.
So friends, if we talk about OPD here,
OPD is covered
in case you have a special cold or
stomach ache.  But when you go to a hospital for
treatment, you just
go to a doctor, so what happens in that too, the
doctor charges a fee of ₹500, sometimes several
thousand, sometimes ₹15, it is set according to different doctors
and hospitals
or even in different clinics, the doctor's
fee is different, so friends, you
can also avail that benefit here, both these features
which are maternity cover and PT cover are
inbuilt in this plan, so
in a plan under 5 lakhs, you will get an OPD cover of ₹5000
and if you have a plan of ₹10 lakhs, then
you will get an OPD cover of up to ₹10000 per year, if you have a plan of ₹
15 lakhs or above, then
you will
get a cover of ₹20 thousand here, so friends, I just
told you about an application called
I Will Take Care App, so there
is a system there too that you
can book an appointment with any doctor in their network by turning on your location in your nearby and as soon as you
book your appointment  If it happens then
you don't even have to go there and pay any money,
it will be done in cashless mode only,
because your doctor has
given you a prescription, you
can order medicines online in it, that
facility is in-built, so
you will get the money for that too cashless, so friends, this
cover is also quite unique and a feature of this,
friends, now we are going to talk
about the plan benefits, this plan was
inbuilt in the policy till now, which
I told you all, whatever
repair you do, you will get all these benefits,
but these are such benefits, if you
do these on additional premium, then these will also be
inbuilt in your policy, so first of all
friends, in this there is
Sum Insured Protector,
friends, it says that suppose you have taken a
policy of Rs 1000000 and in
that policy you have no claim
bonus, everything is there, but what happens is that from
time to time friends, the rate of inflation keeps
increasing, today suppose
in a hospital a surgery of Rs 1 lakh  If it used to be,
after four years it may be
of Rs 1.5 lakh, then your expenses will increase a lot in it, so
what, but your policy was
for Rs 10 lakh or it may be that push
multiple columns are coming due to which the
insurance company did not increase your policy,
if you have taken this last option, then
our CPI, CPI means
Consumer Price Index, as it increases,
which generally IS Lambodar says, it is increasing
at six percent and
we are charging this also at six percent,
which our Central Statistical
Organization will declare, so
friends, come let us tell you that the dividend that we have will keep
increasing by six percent every year, that is, if
you have taken Malik Idrish Laate policy, then
next year the dividend will increase automatically at 26 percent, it will become
Rs 10 lakh 60 thousand, so it will
increase automatically, so that Rs 10 lakh 60
thousand will be increased next year, in the same way,
year after year whatever CPI comes, it will be your
time, Shamsher  It will keep increasing
if you have added it, we
will talk about improving the coverage. So friends, there are
many items which IRDA has
included in the non-verbal list like
hand gloves, admission charges,
request lapse,
sanitary pads, etc. These are such items for which you do
not get insurance mediclaim money, you have to pay them from your own pocket,
which is ₹
2 to ₹3000 in a general bill of Rs 1 lakh. If you have
taken this option also, then you do
not need to pay even ₹1 in the hospital. Let's
talk about worldwide coverage, friends,
here the Worldwide Insurance Coverage
option is also available, that is planned way.
Planned means that suppose you have a
planned surgery which you have to get done in the US
or Canada or maybe in Europe, in
any country, then
here you will get a window of 34 countries,
okay, for the end of 34 countries
you can go there.  You can go there, you can travel by plane
and friends, this
service is also available under cashless. If you
want full details of worldwide constipation, then you
can contact me. I have
very good literature about it and I will provide it to you so
that all your doubts will be cleared.
And in this, friends, this is a 45-day
travel, you can spend Rs. 2000 in this year
or suppose you have gone there, have gone to
visit somewhere and you have this
plan and it is possible that you fall ill there
in some other country, even then you
can avail the benefit of this facility. Okay,
and friends, the condition in this is that
you will have to pay ten percent from your pocket.
If you come out and
you have taken this option, okay, then here
you will have to pay ten percent from your pocket. You
come home with Rs. 10 lakh,
so you will have to pay from your pocket for Rs. 1 lakh.
This plane ticket is of Rs. 1,
these seeds have been kept inside it. And friends, let me also
tell you that this
You will get this option available only above Rs 10 lakh, below that
this option is not available.
If we talk about Super No Claim Bonus, friends, then
I found it to be a very good feature
because today you must have seen that there are many
policies in the market which have a
no claim bonus of 50%, so that
feature is available here also. If we
talk here, friends, if you have chosen this option,
you will have to pay some additional
money for it, so 50% no claim bonus,
if suppose you have taken a policy of ₹10,
you have done Excel  If you do not take the loan then 50% of
your loan will be added to it, that is, if your
policy is made for Rs 10 lakh, if it is of Rs 1500000 and
you were getting 10% in the base, then that becomes
Rs 1 lakh, then the total amount of your policy for next year will be
Rs 16 lakh, in the
same way your loan amount will increase again next year, so that by
50% your super no
claim bonus will increase and
your no claim bonus will increase by 10%, so that is 60%, that is, if
you have a policy of Rs 1000000, then within the next 14
years, the
no claim bonus of Rs 1200000 will increase, in 10
and 12 your policy will become of Rs 22 lakh,
if in the same way you have a
policy of Rs 15 to 16 lakh, then friends, here you will get 50%,
here you will see that 50% is
available for 2 years, not maximum, here the
capacity shifting of hundred percent is available for
50% 2 years  You will not
get it after that because you have been in the insurance for two years
and your hundred percent has
reached the maximum limit. Okay, if suppose there is
any claim here, then
your 50% will be reduced accordingly, then if it does
not come for the next year, then your 50% will increase.
Similarly, if your plan is
between 15 lakhs to 50 lakhs, then here it will increase by 50%,
not up to hundred percent, but up
to two hundred percent. If suppose
you have someone else, then
whoever runs, 50% will be
1000000 rupees, yours will increase for one year, then 10
lakhs, then 10 lakhs, then 10 lakhs,
then you can see how
much you will get, the no claim bonus will be
added inside the policy.
Friends, here the benefit is the
minimum admission in a hospital in Delhi Cantt. It should be for three days
and you will get a cover for a maximum of 10 days.
If you have a plan of Rs 5 lakhs, then
you will get Rs 100.
You will get additional benefits per day which will be credited
to your account. If you have a
plan of Rs 7 lakh to Rs 10 lakh, then you will get Rs 2000.
Similarly, if you have a plan of Rs 1500000 and above, then
you will get Rs 3000.
Hospital Delhi will keep on giving it. Next,
friends, let us talk about confluence benefits, then
friends, here Rs 10000 will be
credited to your account in lump sum. If
your first reaction goes beyond 10 days,
but you should take this confluence benefit.
Whatever it is, if we
talk about Narsinghgarh Home Care, then
friends, here also you get a home care
facility which is like the post-hospital care.
If you take it, the doctor has
suggested that even after you go home from the hospital,
you need nursing care.
Qualified nurses will provide you
service, they will
give you treatment there or you need to get vaccination,
okay, or anything else.  If there is any treatment
that can destroy the qualified person, then
for that also the company has given an option that
you can also take it at the rate of ₹3000 per day
and that is the maximum,
friends, you will get this coverage for this, let's move ahead
friends, now let's talk about
Compassion and Visit, friends, this is that
visit in which suppose you are
in another city and your
family members live in some other city,
suppose you live in some other city
and you fall ill, then it is possible that
you may have to call any immediate family member from
home, for that also
you get money for Economy Class here
and that maximum goes up to 2030,
you will have to take this option, okay,
but here the hospital enemy should be
above the standard, or suppose
you had gone to some other city for some work
and there is an accident, then
you have to call your family
members from home, okay, immediate
family member, immediate family member  That is
friends, if you have a child or you have a mother and father
or you have a wife nearby, then
this compassion and visit option
works in that condition that if you have to
call them there in an emergency,
for a caretaker, let's talk about critical illness,
friends, then this is such a benefit
which works separately from the policy,
suppose you have also taken this option, you have taken it
from the plan of 10 lakhs and you have chosen the
critical illness option of 5 lakh rupees
in it, then friends, in this the
company has made a predefined list that
this is our list and if you are diagnosed with
any problem from it, then
on diagnosis itself, the coverage of 5 lakh rupees will be
deposited in your bank account and you will continue to get the
treatment done
from your baseline, but this five rupees cash will be
deposited in your account so that if
any of your father gets the test done, get it done, if you want to
add the child, then the
company will not ask you what you have done with ₹5000 in
your bank account.  We will
settle it in the same way, but friends,
here the roots of a meeting are 19th that
if you use any disease regularly, then there will be
a waiting period of no TDS in it,
you should understand only after the nighty dress,
then the additional option of critical illness which you have
come, or you can call it lighter, will be
activated, if we talk about personal accident,
friends, then you can
also take a personal accident here, this
is a feature only for adults, the critical illness one was also a
feature for address, that is, if you people are taking it, then
these things cannot be given to children,
if you have taken any personal accident
option, then if there is an
accidental death with Ishwar Singh, when there is
permanent disability, then
whatever money you have
taken for the plan, it will be directly deposited in your account, it will be deposited
in Noni's account,
so friends, here we talk about the
expression of the extrusion of this plan, there are all the
things which make this plan a little
district, so let us discuss
that  What questions?
Friends, there is a waiting period of two years in Science Pan,
which we call pre-existing, pre-existing,
friends. Like, suppose
someone has a
problem, never had a hand problem,
someone has cholesterol, someone has
diabetes, someone has hypertension, so any such
disease which you have been having
and you are declaring it to the
company, then it will be covered only after two years. There are
some diseases, friends,
which take a long time to develop,
like, suppose there is a scrotal disease,
hernia, joint replacement,
kidney stones, stones in the gall bladder,
many nasal polyps due to sinus surgery,
uterus removal, there are
many such things whose
coverage starts only after 2 years.
So, in almost every insurance company, in every
plan, it is covered for approximately 2 years only.
Friends, there is a waiting period of 30 days in
which you do
not get any cover, sir.  Apart from accidental cover,
if there is an accident then only you will
get the money for your treatment if you are a hosteler, otherwise
you should understand that the policy gets
activated after 30 days for cataract, friends there
is a limit here, if you have a plan up to ₹5000 then
you
can get cataract treatment done for ₹20000, you cannot get it done more than this
because the sub limit here, if your
plan is above ₹5000 then it will come to ₹1 lakh,
you will get the expenses here, so there is a
waiting period of three years which I had
told you earlier about maternity cover,
here in this line both husband and wife have to
remain under cover for
3 years, only after that
you will get the benefits of maternity cover,
so friends now I will tell you
that some special benefits have been given by ICC
keeping in mind the disease of 119
because all are free of cost and this is till
31 March 2019  It is available till then, so the
first one is that it is not necessary that you have a doctor at Delhi Cantt station,
even before you took this line, if you have a plan, then
this feature is automatically
inbuilt in it, now you
can take consultation from the doctor through 20.27, come take care, which
I told you about the app, okay, the
waiting period, I told you, is
after 30 days, your policy gets activated,
but if you have a host
reaction due to any virus or are
found to be N-positive, then your
consultation will start only after 15 days, if
suppose you took the policy on a particular date and
after 15 days you test positive
and the doctor says that you have to be admitted in the hospital, then
now get admitted here, you will get
full coverage, let's talk about the no claim bonus,
friends, if any problem arises, then
your no claim bonus will
come to you through the radio itself, you will get the same no claim bonus as it was in the
next year also,
talking about home health care,
friends, home health care is such a service,
friends, in which doctor  If you
say that you need to be treated but you
don't want to go to the hospital and you want him to get
treatment at home, then
nowadays there are many such
home care service providers in the market whose
doctors and nursing staff will be
sent to your home and all the hospital
facilities will be provided at your home itself.
Bluetooth witnesses, so
you will get this service cashless.
If you contact any network home care
service provider, then
you can avail this service through this contact i.e., in the facility
and there is
no charge for it. Friends, this service
is available till 31 March 2019. If you
want to extend it to the office and
also take IDSP approval, then this service can be
extended further.
Friends, if you have any questions regarding this plan, then you
can ask me by WhatsApp. I will
definitely answer your questions. So
friends, I hope you have understood this plan completely
and if you understand this line, then
friends, share this video with your friends.  Do
n't forget to share my name is
Sachin Verma and I will meet you
in the next video thank you very much for watching this video